I shared the GSS information for homelearning for EYFS, KS1 and KS2 (200 children approx)KW children who were in school (20) took part in investigations which they could share at home - Jules Pottles' paper flowers and Mr Chip's Robot hand (child initiated questioning led to this).I believe that a few children submitted videos to the Groove Along and at least one made the final video.I have heard that other children did some science at home but our school do not have a platform on which they can share these with school.
No
We worked with the IoP to set a physics challenge for all the Islington schools taking part and those doing home learning. We held meetings with some of the science coordinators in the borough to share ideas.
We were running a dinosaur project at home and so linked our science to this.
We carried out a range of science enquiries with the key worker children during the week. I have sent home a weeekly science enquiry since the beginning of lockdown/school closure. We have asked children to engage in  GSSFS by uploading their home science.
Science inspired artwork
As we only had 3 keyworker children in school, they participate and shared their work. The remaining 350+ children were informed of and encouraged to engage with GSS through the school website, newsletter and twitter. No other children shared their work as far as I am aware. They may or may not have engaged. It is impossible to tell at this point.
We also used some of the PSTT 'Science for one' resources in our Year 6 class bubbles, really useful to help the children investigate whilst working individually. We looked at Explorify too. I directed my Y5 class to GSS activities for their home learning and know that some of them accessed live lessons from home.
Through activities at school
We had a full programme of science distance learning via the home-school class blogs, focused initially on plants and growing things for KS1 and human body - muscles, bones and joints for KS2. KS1 fully empbraced the Dawn Chorus themed GSS week. We switched to one central home-school learning blog as children started to return to school and our biggest emphasis was our Under the sea theme which tied in with World Oceans Day, ths week our theme is Into the woods and is nature and habitats based science and next week our theme is picnic, celebrating National Picnic Day so we will focus our science learning on healthy eating and diet.
Weekly home learning science challenges from March. Used the great science share weekly themes when they began.
We sent out activities each week linked to the themes for children in school and at home to have a go at.
Yes, Each stage within our school took the weekly themes and mentioned them on our class blogs. We prepared learning grids and included Science lessons in various areas of the science curriculum, relating them to the Great Science Share themes if they fitted. A super resource. Thank you. Our RIC also created google classrooms for the children to visit.
We grew seeds as an experiment to cover several science projects we were working on, as it covered a wide variety of issues, such as Earth's soil quality and sustainability for growing future crops, growing food on another planet, environmental enhancement as the plants went on to grow in the garden, plant horticulture and understanding how a plant processes light, energy & water. As you know it can spin off into many directions, from just one simple seed and time to observe it, let the magic begin!.
I created individual resource sheets to pass out to my school and partnership schools. I recorded a live video with Daresbury laboratory (Warrington) and live streamed this on youtube during the GSS day.
We had an online zoom share session and investigated at home and watched global science show
We did some a activities designed for us by the IoP as they are in the Borough and would have been part of our local science share.
Tues 16th was our science day (online for all except a foundation stage pod and key worker children).Their task for the day was to complete a science investigation and pre see by their findings. We have an online assembly to celebrate their work next week.
Every child who was back in school engaged in activities in their pods. EYFS, year 1, 2, 5, 6 engaged through home learning. Year 5 showed their work on google classroom to each other as part of a virtualScience fair.
A science fair via a Google Meet live lesson, giving children to share some practical science either live or by sharing a photo or pre-prepared video via sharing the screen. This promoted parental engagement and use of scientific vocabulary.
Linking other schools across area to develop local science community
Camden Science Competition
No
Science fair during British Science week involving 6 primaris and two year groups from secondary school
Recycling cardboard to produce art
Collected questions from children across Scotland and sent them to experts to answer for the children.
Throughout our school we used the theme of Space to explore science in the week before the Great Science Share. We shared our Sway of pupil's work on the day and used it to promote and highlight science. Pupils were engaged in a range of activities and encouraged to use the 'Question makers'. With my own class we watched the 'groove along' tutorial and encouraged our pupils to give it a go at home. All of the learning took place at home, online or during live chats online with our teachers.
We offered some additional science activities and daily experiments in the week leading up to GSSfS. We made some you tube videos to demonstrate experiments.
I sent out all the information via Facebook to the children. I couldn't be in school as I had to shield so not sure about the participation level yet. In formation also sent to the teachers working with the vulnerable and key worker children.
Took advantage of the excellent weather and the science topics that the children should be covering to encourage lots of investigations involving plants.
we are home learning so one great thing  we linked it to  our home learning site  as we are all home learning
We ran a whole school experiment over zoom with years 5&6 with every pupil and quite a lot of parents too joining in. It was great fun having two whole year groups come together at the same time in the name of science, we then ran whole year activities in the same style as single year groups over zoom for years 7 and 8. For the lower years nursery, 1 and 2 were already back in school so took part in investigations in class, year 3 and 4 had an investigation pack sent home for them to do rather than conducting it as a zoom session. We had a super day and the parents really liked that they were able to join in too and have a hands on approach which gives us some ideas for next year about running an adult session.
I also sent links home for parents to complete.
My colleague and I took part in a whole school live video where we demonstrated Science lessons they could do at home.
Engaged parents at home due to Covid19 parents shared to our nursery Facebook page activities and science at home.
Links in school websiteAt home science each week with PSTTScience in school with Key Worker children Weekly science investigations as part of home learning
Due to closure we asked for pupils to submit videos of their science work at home. We got very little submitted and school did not have the capacity to promote/chase as they were trying to squeeze in another year group to get them back before the holidays. Getting more children into school was more important than GSS this year. Sorry.
In the weeks running up to the GSS we shared the weekly themes with the whole school along with regular science experiments that could be done at home. Children send pictures into school and we shared them on the school website.
I invited the whole school to take part on sharing their science!
Gave out house points for every post. All were tweeted and part of video compilations. Work linked to topic in year group and pupil questions
Parents sent link for weekly themes, ideas for other activities given to children and opportunity to send photos to school if they didn't want to have them uploaded via GSS
We've been looking at an eco issue a week in lockdown, linked to Eco Schools and sags.
Did science activities linked to body systems
Took part in 'GSS - What's in my backpack?' competition organised by Curtin University.
We worked with the weekly themes and resources to suggest science activities to do at home. Some of this was shared within our own email systems and some was shown on twitter. Students were involved in a range of science experiments. We directed them to ask a question and the weekly science show but I'm not sure how many will have participated in this.
Mostly home based but some keyworker pupils in school.  It was challenging this year as everything was changing in terms of provision.
Very hard to share with the children. Links were posted on the school facebook page but I have had no feedback to say that any children did anything. However,some may have.I just don't know and cannot find out. We have had a lot of difficulty in engaging our children in any home learning, not just science.
Linked with cresta awards
We used the weekly themes as our science focus throughout the school.
Yes We did a pollution survey for our school fro world environment week. We build a floating raft containing seeds of cress that actually grew- this added to the information learnt about the floating gardens of bangladesh We took selfies of trees in our garden to identify them for the ecology week We also did an extra week looking at an engineering challenge to build a tower- most of the lessons were done at home. When we got back to school we did a beach clean to remove the plastics. Each week was a different lesson. The great science she has been written now into our curriculum.
no